OSDOCS-16947#CQA work STOR3 - CSI cloning (#114138)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-csi-cloning-overview.adoc

[id="persistent-storage-csi-cloning-overview_{context}"]
= Overview of CSI volume cloning

[role="_abstract"]

> Container Storage Interface (CSI) volume clones are point-in-time duplicates of existing persistent volumes. Cloning is more efficient than snapshots to create a copy. Specify an existing persistent volume claim (PVC) as the source to clone volumes in a namespace using supported CSI drivers.

Reviewer: Do we want to make this more user-centric?

```suggestion
You can use Container Storage Interface (CSI) volume clones to create point-in-time duplicates of existing persistent volumes. Cloning is more efficient than snapshots to create a copy. Specify an existing persistent volume claim (PVC) as the source to clone volumes in a namespace using supported CSI drivers.
```
